Add pull request template, link to support site, and tweak issue template (#2)
ibm-cloud-docs/.github: .github/pull_request_template.md

Thanks for taking the time to contribute to the IBM Cloud docs! After you open your pull request, a maintainer should review it soon.

> We don't merge changes in this repository because content is not published from here. However, if we can use the changes that you suggest here, we publish them from our internal repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't merge changes directly in this repository because content is not published from here. However, we'll incorporate any changes in our upstream repository so that they're reflected in the docs.
```

Just a suggestion - feel free to further edit or disregard above. I was trying to soften the "if we can use your changes" and be a little more indirect about the internal repo.

> ### What does this pull request do?

Reviewer: I'd lean toward something straightforward like "Pull request summary" since what it does is a very open-ended question. The helper text is great, but why make them read it 😉

Author: Used generic `Description` but kept helper text

<!--- Replace this text with a summary of the changes in this pull request. Include why the changes are needed and context about the changes. --->

### Can this pull request close any open GitHub issues?

> <!--- If there is a GitHub issue for the changes, link to it. --->

Reviewer: Hesitate on this as I expect it invites a lot of GHE links from IBMers. Most external users do a PR or an issue (generally an issue), but not necessarily both.
